dxDiagram add a note about canvg (#616)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Diagram/00 Getting Started with Diagram/10 Add the Diagram Widget to a Page.md

        <script src="~/Scripts/jquery-3.4.1.min.js"></script>
        @* DevExtreme common scripts *@
        <script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/minor_20_1/js/dx.all.js"></script>

> Additionally, you should add the [canvg](https://github.com/canvg/canvg) library to your page to support diagram export to image formats in the Internet Explorer web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also add the [canvg](https://github.com/canvg/canvg) library to your page to allow export to image formats in Internet Explorer.
```
